Start Here
After starting eight million-dollar businesses myself (Kickflip,
Gambit, KingSumo, SendFox, Sumo, Tidycal, Monthly1K, AppSumo), I
wanted to PROVE I could teach others to do the same.
In trying to share the process I realized that it consists of just a few core
steps. I call these three steps the Million Dollar Weekend process:
1. 
2. 
3. 
Find a problem people are having that you can solve.
Craft an irresistible solution whose million-dollar-plus
potential is backed by simple market research.
Spend NO MONEY to quickly validate whether your idea is
the real deal (or not) by preselling it before you build it.
I knew I was onto something, because early on everyone who followed
the process eventually launched a profitable side hustle or business.
People like Michael Osborn, who used the three steps to turn his interest
in real estate into an $83,000-a-month consulting business.
Or Jennifer Jones, who launched a $20,000-a-year side-hustle cookie
business (chocolate chip for me!).
Or Daniel Reifenberger, who turned working at the Apple store into a
$250,000-a-year business tutoring people in how to use technology.
The problem was, for every Michael, Jennifer, and Daniel, there were a
thousand wantrepreneurs in my social media feeds who could never get
started. It was a big mystery to me: If all the information you need to start a
business is freely available, if the Million Dollar Weekend process works if
you just commit to it, why is it SO HARD TO DO for SO MANY
PEOPLE?
In 2013, I set out to solve that mystery and launched a course called
“How to Make a $1000-a-Month Business.” I started with a group of five
beta testers—a programmer, a horse trainer, and three people with ordinary
day jobs—all of whom had everything they needed to start their own
business.
Two weeks after we started, I was shocked to discover the entire group
practically made ZERO progress. To understand what had happened, I got
everyone in a room together and did some entrepreneurial group therapy,
breaking down what was holding them back.
It turns out, it wasn’t a lack of skill, desire, or intelligence.
The whole group was derailed by the same two fears:
1. 
2. 
FEAR OF STARTING. At some point people are told
entrepreneurship is a huge risk, and you believed it. You figured
more preparation, more planning, and more talking to friends
would help you overcome your insecurities. But that inaction only
breeds more doubt and fear. In actuality, the best way to learn
what we need to know—and become who we want to be—is by
just getting started. Small EXPERIMENTS, repeated over
time, are the recipe for transformation in business, and life.
FEAR OF ASKING. Soon after starting, the fear of
rejection emerges. You have some impressive skills, an amazing
product, every advantage in the world, and you’ll never sell a
thing if you can’t face another person and ask for what you want.
Whether you want them to buy what you’re selling or help in
another way, you have to be able to ask in order to get. Once you
reframe rejection as something desirable, the act of asking
becomes a power all its own.
I helped that early group and thousands since then to overcome these
blocks, and if you stick with me through this book, I will help you
overcome these fears and start your million dollar business.
From now on, everything you do in this book, and after, should be
viewed as an experiment. This has been a profound shift for people who
worry that “starting a business” is this big daunting thing. Experiments are
supposed to fail. And should they fail, you just take what you’ve learned
and try again a little bit differently.
Take me and any of the super-successful entrepreneurs and side-hustle
champions I’ve met over the years. It’s uncanny, but the one commonality
nearly all of us share is the crazy number of seemingly random things
we’ve tried to launch—stretching back to our childhoods. Online courses,
self-published books, consulting, Airbnbs, affiliate marketing, YouTube
channels, a college dating site, and many more . . .
And for all of us, almost all of these projects failed!
So what’s the connection between all these random failures and the
success we ultimately achieved? It’s clearly not our expertise. No, it’s
because of our willingness to run small experiments.
That we eventually succeeded is a byproduct of the fact that we just try
more things, period. That’s what I call Creator’s Courage. I believe
everyone is born with this courage, and for those who have lost it, this book
will help you rediscover the ability to come up with ideas (starting) and
have the courage to try them out (asking).
Looking back on the early years of your life, it’s easy to think of “scary”
things that became not so scary as soon as you tried them. Remember the
first time you tried to ride a bike? Hold your breath underwater? Climb a
tree? Walk? The messiness of such trial and error may seem uncomfortable
now, but the days when we weren’t afraid to leap into the mud and dirty up
our hands were when we learned the fastest (and had the most fun!).
Leaping is all that matters. The most courageous creators just leap more
—in spite of their fear—and successful creation eventually follows. If you
trace back every big company to its beginning, it all started with a leap into
the unknown and a tiny little experiment:
Apple: Started as two guys who tried to build a computer kit that
you can carry
Facebook: Started as a weekend project similar to Hot or Not for
college students
Tesla: Started as a prototype of an electric car to convince car
companies to go electric
Google: Started off as a research project
Airbnb: Started off in a weekend as a place to crash in someone’s
living room during conferences
Khan Academy: Started off as a set of ten-minute videos Sal
Khan created for his cousins
AppSumo: Started as a way to get a deal on software I liked
Most people never pick up the phone, most people never ask. And
that’s what separates, sometimes, the people that do things from the
people that just dream about them. You gotta act. And you gotta be
willing to fail.
—Steve Jobs
Business is just a never-ending cycle of starting and trying new things,
asking whether people will pay for those things, and then trying it again
based on what you’ve learned. If you’re afraid to start or ask, you can’t
experiment. And if you can’t experiment, you can’t do business.
This isn’t about willpower or self-discipline. No one is going to nag,
scold, or intimidate you into starting a business. My personal favorite way
to approach starting a business is to have fun!
People do all kinds of scary things in the name of fun. Entrepreneurship
is no exception. Make it fun and you’ll overcome the fear.
So let’s have some fun! Business is an amazing opportunity to learn
about yourself, play with ideas, solve your own problems, help other
people, and get paid all the while. Approaching it this way will free up your
imagination, make you less judgy and critical of yourself, and allow you to
open yourself up to the kind of playful experimentation I want you to
practice.
This will be the most fun, most productive weekend you’ve had in
years!
Why just a weekend? No time to chicken out!
I’ve found from thousands of students that limiting time to a weekend
(which everyone has) forces you to become inventive, focuses your
attention only on the things that matter, and shows you how much more you
can do with limitations. You have only forty-eight hours.
Each chapter contains tried-and-tested challenges I’ve developed to get
wantrepreneurs out of their comfort zones and into the end zone. As you
follow my instructions, tackle these challenges, and overcome your fears,
you’ll also be growing your million-dollar business, step by step.
Here’s how your Million Dollar Weekend journey is structured:

PART 1. START IT
You’ll work your way through part 1 in the three to four days leading up
to the weekend. These chapters will rekindle your Creator’s Courage,
preparing you to hit the ground running at the weekend.
In chapter 1, I’ll show you how to apply the NOW, Not How mindset
that’s critical to experimentation. And then calculate your Freedom Number,
so it’s clear what you are working toward.
In chapter 2, you’ll learn about Rejection Goals to help develop your
Ask muscle. You’ll do the life-changing Coffee Challenge that will show
how fearless you are and practice the skill of asking that will empower you
to build a million-dollar business.

PART 2. BUILD IT
This is it—your Million Dollar Weekend! Here, I’ll walk you step by
step through the Million Dollar Weekend process, where you will design,
verify, and launch your MDW business.
In chapters 3, 4, and 5 (aka Friday, Saturday, and Sunday), you’ll go
from Zero to $1 and land your first three customers. To get there, you will
learn techniques to generate profitable business ideas, determine which
ideas have million-dollar opportunities, and then take the 48-hour challenge
to get your first paying customers.
I want you to work fast and stay laser-focused on going from idea to
first customer. Can’t get any real customers to give you money? Awesome!
We’ll celebrate your victorious failure (that cost little time and no money)
and look to quickly validate your next idea. Remember, a weekend is all
you need!

