Frequently Made Excuses
Welcome to a book that will help you start a million-dollar business in
a weekend. We tend to think that we are never ready . . . but you are. The
fact is, ordinary people start profitable businesses every single day. You
don’t have to be rich, brilliant, or super experienced.
But you do have excuses that have held you back in the past. Never
again. Here are the ten most common and the exact chapters where we
demolish them:
1. “I don’t have any good ideas.”
But you do have problems, and so do your friends and every other
person in this world. That’s all you need to generate million-dollar business
ideas. After you learn the Customer First Approach in chapter 3, you’ll have
more business ideas than you’ll know what to do with.
2. “I have too many ideas.”
Choose the three you think will be the most fun to work with. In chapter
4, you’ll learn how to use market research and a One-Minute Business
Model to determine which of your three ideas has the most potential.
3. “Starting a business is risky. I’m nervous
about quitting my job.”
Risky is spending your life at a job you hate, with people you don’t like,
working on problems you don’t care about. Don’t quit your day job.
Leverage the Million Dollar Weekend process (chapter 5) in the early
mornings, evenings, and weekends. Once you’ve validated an idea, and
you’re pulling in enough to cover your minimum monthly expenses—aka
the Freedom Number—then you can quit. I’ve done that twice.
4. “I’ve started a few different businesses. They
do okay and then I lose interest.”
D’oh. Any one of those businesses could have been what you wanted.
Not starting and not finishing both come from a similar set of fears (covered
in chapter 1). You will also learn the Law of 100 to help you push past
resistance when you feel like quitting.
5. “But how will it scale?”
This phrase stops you from getting your first customer. Keep it simple
and easy for yourself. Don’t think about scaling, focus on starting. Then
we’ll discuss scaling your business in the chapters in Part 3: Grow It.
6. “I don’t have enough time to create a
business.”
Look for the processes you can automate, or document parts of the
business so you can hire someone to help. My productivity system (chapter
9) allows me to run an eight-figure business, a YouTube channel, and a
blog, while working out daily, traveling, and so on. If it’s a priority, we can
make the time.
7. “I need to read more books, do more
research, and be totally prepared before I can
really start.”
You will never feel 100 percent ready to start. You just need to start.
Don’t buy another book or watch another video until you’ve worked
through THIS process and started your million-dollar business. I got you.
Action time (chapter 1)!
8. “I’m broke as @#!*. I’ve spent so much
money and have made zero dollars in profit.”
Don’t spend another dime until you’ve made your first dollar. The
Million Dollar Weekend process (chapter 5) requires no up-front spending.
9. “I’m not good at marketing.”
Marketing is easy when you have a product people want. Chapter 3
shows you step by step how to find ideas people are excited to give you
money for. Then chapters 6, 7, and 8 give you the same marketing methods
that I used to help Mint reach 1 million users in six months and
TidyCal.com to reach 10,000 paying customers in six months.
10. “I need a technical cofounder to implement
AI/VR/AR/the latest technology.”
No, you need to make money first. Your customers don’t want more
software, they just want solutions (chapter 3). Focus on that. There are
affordable ways of validating a biz without any code.
